npx express-generator --no-view --git
npx eslint --lint
Configuring the environment variables. both the development and also some production variables.
Making the routes
Setted up the database using mongodb and mongoose with mongodb atlas.
Setting up the models of our application to mean the user model and the subscription models.
Adding the centralized error handling middleware.
Added Authentication and also the learnt about making atomic operations in mongodb with mongoose.
(By using mongoose.startSession and also startTRansaction  I made the signup atomic to mean if one operation)
fails within the whole operation will be canceled.
(Also noted like the position of the errorMiddleware can be cumbersome if you don't know how to position them well
to mean like it must be positioned after all routes and all middlewares to take the effect.)
I had been amazed with this package which protects your app like your backend Service  and like
due the all rate-limiting and other stffs crds to arcjet.


Workflow is like taskScheduling or queing system.
Workflow behaviour
1. Triggering the workflow:: The workflow/scheduling begins whenever a user creates or submits a new subscription
then we pass the created subscriptionId into our workflow.

2. Retrieving Subscription Details.
(then process extracts the Subscription Id from the context)
and the it searched the corresponding details from the database.

3. Validation Checks.
if the subscription doesn't exist, an error is logged and the process terminates
if the subscription exists and status is checked
--- If inactive, the status is logged and the process is exited
--- if Active, the renewal date is verified.

4. Renewal Date Evaluation.
-- if the renewal date has passed, the process will exit
-- if the renewal date is in the future, the reminder loop begins()
What is the remainder loop here ()?? may be 5, 2 and 1 day before the renewal date.


5. Reminder Scheduling
for each predefined reminder:
-- The reminder date is calculated.
-- Once the reminder date arrives (or if it has already passed), the reminder email is sent.

6. Completion